Company: Deliveroo
Position: Software Engineer (L4)
Location: Hyderabad

Round 1: Online assessment (1 hr)

It was taken on hackerrank and 2 days were given to attempt it. 2 questions were asked. One was of DP and another one was of Linked list, don't remember exact questions.

Result: Positive

PS - All the interviewers were from London.

Round 2: Coding round (1hr)

An assignment was given 2 days before the interview and you've to complete it. During the interview, you've to explain the overall logic, face the questions over that. Also interviewer will be going to ask you to implement some additional features in front of him. In my case, 3 feature were asked to implement.

Result: Very Positive

Round 3: Architecture (1hr)

Design a platform through which we can distribute 6 million burgers in 5 minutes. Consider more than 20 million requests will be going to fall onto our system. One user can receive one burger only, no more than that.
Addition : There are around 1L coupons through which one user can get 1 extra burger along with the confirmed first bruger.

Result: Very Positive

Round 4: Behavioral (50 mins)

Sr Engineering manager from joined the call, Started with introduction from both ends(15 mins). Came up with prepared 5-6 behavioral questions(35 mins). Few of them which I remembered are :

Ever had a conflict with a senior related to any task
Why deliveroo
Why do you want to leave remote working opportunities and relcoate to hyderabad(currently working remote)
Give an example where you build a team from scratch and took it to 5-6 members.
In the end, asked me to ask questions about the company or role.
Result: Not So positive

Final Verdict: Rejected. According to HR, the feedback for behvioural round was not that positive. He was giving very vague remarks on feedback received from the interviewer mentioning that I was taking plenty of hints in behvioural round. Who on earth really takes hint in answering questions like "why do you want to join a company" or "why want to relocate to hyderabad". In my opinion, that round went extremely well but there's some sort of racism happened with me. In the interview only, manager was asking about my location in India and talking about very random stuff about how india is doing post colonization era, seriously who asks these questions. Didn't want to argue much with HR as cases like this never really gets true justice, closed the chapter here.



https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0TZfBnCxQQ&ab_channel=interviewing.io